What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When we initialize a repo it creates metadata files for
	git to begin tracking our files. If we didn't, git wouldn't
	work in the directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is an intermediary area between the working directory and the repository. The working directory is the actual area that we work in and make changes to files. The repo holds our version control data. The staging area is the functions between those two areas. It's valuable because it allows us break up what is happening in the working directory, so that we have more control over our commits that end up in the repo.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	I can place only the files to be commited into the staging area. I can also use variations of git diff to be certain changes are correct between the working directory and staging area, and the staging area and the repository.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	Branches help keep history organized by keeping experimental, temporary fixes away from the main branch. If things in the branch don't work out, we can discard it without worrying about it's changes polluting our main branch. This works for bug fixes to make sure we don't introduce new bugs. Also works for new features.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagrams help because we can see where branches have diverged and which commits they have in common. They also help us see if any commit is unreachable.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	The result of two branches merging together is that we create a new commit which HEAD is now pointing to and it has access to the commit histories of both branches. We use the diagram to show the paths to how commits are reached.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
