How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Using diff allows us to just zero in on the areas where changes have
    been made. This makes it much easier to spot differences between
    files rather than having to manually go through entire files.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having the entire history means that I can see the process of how the
    code came to be what it is currently. I also can revert back to old
    versions if I ever come across problems. We can branch off of a version
    to test new features without worrying about harming previous work.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros are you get to commit in logical chunks. This ensures that each commit only 
    addresses one thing and it's easier to look at differences between files.
    Also, you can be certain each commit doesn't have bugs from an automatic save
    that might be in the middle of a line.
    The cons are that you might forget to commit often and there's the possibility of
    losing data. Also, when you do remember, you will have to break all the changes
    into multiple commits, which can be time-consuming.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I wouldn't consider Google Docs a version control system to begin with. I
    imagine it deals with them separately because the types of files you work with
    in Google Docs like spreadsheets and letters, probably don't have much to do
    with each other. They certainly can work without dependencies on other files.
    Git deals with code, which usually involves breaking up large programs into
    multiple files. In this case, there will be dependencies between files. So 
    being able to save multiple files keeps changes in logical chunks.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log will show the entire commit history, so we can look through the output and 
    find the specific changes we are looking for. We can also find the state prior to 
    the change. Git diff will show us exactly what code changes happened between the 
    two different states.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    There's no fear about making changes because we can always go back to a prior
    state before any bugs were introduced.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
